<h1>THE FREESTYLE FORGE!</h1>
Welcome! Of all the apps I've developed, I had the most fun on this one. It's simple. It's fun. It's mildly useful. There are two main components on this app: Fluid Flow and Word Lab. Both use very similar functions, relying on the DataMuse API. <br/>
Stack used: HTML/CSS/JS, React, DataMuse API. <br/><br/>
<h3>Word Lab</h3>
The user types input. A keyboard event listener listens for valid keys (lexical chars) and appends them to the last word on the editor using divs. When the user presses the spacebar, the most recent word is extracted and an API request to DataMuse is sent containing that word plus the selected data (rhymes, approx rhymes, synonyms, etc.). The response is then parsed and presented neatly in the overhead HUD. The same process happens when the user hovers over any word: the hovered word is extracted and the API request is sent.<br/><br/>
<h3>Fluid Flow</h3>
When the user clicks Start, a random verse from a verseBank is loaded. Immediately afterwards, the verse is parsed and all 4+ letter words are extracted and stored in an array. For each extracted 4+ letter word, an API requests to DataMuse is sent. If the response contains less than 7 rhymes, the selected word is skipped and a new word is chosen until 3 words have been found. These words are then displayed as Root Rhymes. Their respective rhymes and shuffled and stored in a stack. On random intervals between 4-7 seconds, rhymes are popped from the stack and displayed across the screen. When the stack empties, all input text is parsed, looking for 4+ letter words that have not been used as rhymes previously (to prevent recycling of used words), API requests are sent until 3 Root Rhymes are found, and the cycle repeats.   
